Add improved definite assignment (#26801)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/whats-new/csharp-10.md

> [!NOTE]
> When using .NET 6.0 preview 5, this feature requires setting the `<LangVersion>` element in your *csproj* file to `preview`.

## Improved definite assignment

> There were a number of scenarios were definite assignment, and null-state analysis produced warnings that were false positives. These generally involved comparisons to boolean constants, accessing a variable only in the `true` or `false` statements in an `if` statement, and null coalescing expressions. These examples generate warnings in previous versions of C#, but don't in C# 10:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prior to C# 10, there were a number of scenarios where definite assignment and null-state analysis produced warnings that were false positives. These generally involved comparisons to boolean constants, accessing a variable only in the `true` or `false` statements in an `if` statement, and null coalescing expressions. These examples generated warnings in previous versions of C#, but don't in C# 10:
```
